story-route/4-player-part-2.md, before:

## Farming Zones

Everyone should farm in one of these zones while waiting:

- Chamber of Innocence (Act 5, lvl 43, 38 - 49)
- Toxic Conduits (Act 8, lvl 56, 50 - 62)
- Blood Aqueducts (Act 9, lvl 61, 55 - 68)

## Act 6

Area Level: 45 - 50  
Character level: 40 - 56  
Passives from Quests: 3 (13)

- **Nick** The Coast -> The Mud Flats -> tag The Dishonoured Queen
  - **Mark** warp to **Nick** at The Coast WP and put TP at Tidal Island quest chest.
  - All kill The Dishonoured Queen and get quest item.
- All run and open door.
- All get Bestel's Epic.
- **Nick** The Karui Fortress -> tag Tukohama
  - All kill Tukohama
- **Nick** The Ridge > The Lower Prison > Trial TP > Shavronne's Tower > TP
- **Mark**, **Jac** and **David** Twilight Strand
- **Mark**, **Jac** and **David** get Trial
- All kill Shavronne
- **Mark** Prisoner's Gate > Western Forest > Riverways WP > Wetlands > Get Ryslatha to spawn, TP
  - **Nick** Prisoner's Gate > Abberath third room, TP
- All kill Ryslatha
- All kill Abberath
- **Mark** Riverways WP -> The Southern Forest -> The Cavern of Anger TP at flag -> The Beacon WP
  - All get Flag
- **Mark** The Beacon -> Double Gauntlet TP
  - **Nick** Double Gauntlet
  - All burn flag
- **Mark** Brine King TP
  - All kill Brine King

## Act 7

Area Level: 50 - 55  
Character level: 45 - 61  
Passives from Quests: 3 (16)

- **Mark** The Broken Bridge > Silver Locket > TP
  - Everyone get Silver Locket when convenient
  - Get Diamond, Granite or Basalt here. You are offered Quartz again at the start of Act 10
- **Nick** The Broken Bridge > The Crossroads WP
- **Mark** warp to **Nick** and go to The Chamber of Sins 1 WP > Farm
- **Nick** The Fellshrine Ruins > The Crypt > Map
- All warp to **Nick** and get extra maps
- **Mark** go to The Chamber of Sins 1 WP and open a map
- **Nick** warp to **Mark**, start a new instance and open another map
- **David** and **Jac** find trial in The Crypt
- **Mark** and **Nick** Maligaro's Sanctum
  - Kill 2 adds and ask to warp
- **David** and **Jac** warp to someone, kill and get Black Venom
- **Mark** and **Nick** get key from Silk > The Chamber of Sins 2
  - Someone find Trial, other put TP at Secret Passage (The Den entrance)
  - Everyone get both Trials and open Secret Passage
  - **Mark** and **Nick** get The Den WP
- **Mark** or **Nick** find Ashen Fields > tag Greust > TP
- All kill Greust
- **Mark** Northern Forest > The Dread Thicket
  - Tag Gruthkul, TP and farm
- **Nick** Northern Forest > Causeway
  - All kill Gruthkul > The Dread Thicket
  - All get 7 Fireflies
- **Nick** Causeway > Vaal City
  - All turn in 7 Fireflies
- **Nick** The Temple of Decay Level 2 > tag Arakaali > TP
  - All kill Arakaali

## Act 8

Area Level: 55 - 60  
Character level: 49 - 67  
Passives from Quests: 3 (19)

- **Mark** The Sarn Ramparts > The Toxic Conduits > Doedre's Cesspool > tag Doedre
  - All kill Doedre
- Get crafting recipe
- **Mark** Solaris side (up right)
  - Quay > Ressurection Site > Wait until Tolman becomes attackable
    - All do skill point
  - The Grain Gate > find Gemling Legionnaire > TP
    - They have a book near them on the mini map
    - All kill Gemling Legionnaires
  - The Imperial Fields > The Solaris Temple level 1 WP > The Solaris Temple Level 2 > tag boss
  - All kill boss and get item
  - Solaris Concourse WP > Farm
- **Nick** Lunaris side (down left)
  - The Grand Promenade > The Bath House WP > Trial TP
    - **David** and **Jac** get Trial and replace TP
  - High Gardens TP
    - All do skill point
  - The Bath House WP > Hector Titucius TP
    - **Nick** get Conqueror's Potency (blue), everyone else get Conqueror's Efficiency (red). Put all jewels in guild stash
  - Lunaris Concourse > Lunaris 1 > Lunaris 2 TP > tag boss
    - All kill boss and get item
- Someone do Harbour Bridge and tag bosses
  - All kill bosses

## Act 9

Area Level: 61 - 64  
Character level: 55 - 71  
Passives from Quests: 2 (21)

- Switch to BA filter
- Fix resists, gems, weapon swap gem leveling, etc.
- Farm The Blood Aqueduct until lvl 57+
- **Mark** or **Nick** (first to 57) Descent > Vastiri Desert > TP at Foothills WP > Tunnel > Quarry WP > Refinery (up) > Tag boss
  - All kill boss and get Trarthan Powder
- **Mark** or **Nick** Foothills WP > Boiling Lake > tag The Basilisk
  - All kill the Basilisk and get Basilisk Acid
- **Mark** new Quarry instance
  - All warp to **Mark** and burn the beast
- Higher level run to the Rotting Core. Other runner Quarry skill points (down)
  - Enter all 3 portals and spawn the Depraved Trinity. Tag and TP
  - All kill Depraved Trinity

## Act 10

Area Level: 64 - 67  
Character level: 58 - 74  
Passives from Quests: 3 (24)

- Runner go to roof top, TP and start Bannon event
  - All save Bannon and talk to him
- Runner go to Ravaged Square WP > Torched Courts > Desecrated Chamber > Tag Boss and TP
- Second runner warp to Ravaged Square WP > Ossuary > Trial TP
  - **David** and **Jac** get Trial and replace TP
  - Second runner run to Elixir of Allure and TP
  - **David** and **Jac** get Elixir
- Second runner get Control Blocks WP
- All kill Avarius and get Staff
- Go to Ravaged Square WP and turn in staff
  - **David** and **Jac** warp to someone in Ravaged Square and turn in staff
- Main runner get to Kitava and TP
- All kill Kitava

Commit message:

Updated curse support to have annointed amulet

story-route/4-player-part-2.md, after:

## Farming Zones

Everyone should farm in one of these zones while waiting:

- Chamber of Innocence (Act 5, lvl 43, 38 - 49)
- Toxic Conduits (Act 8, lvl 56, 50 - 62)
- Blood Aqueducts (Act 9, lvl 61, 55 - 68)

## Act 6

Area Level: 45 - 50  
Character level: 40 - 56  
Passives from Quests: 3 (13)

- **Nick** The Coast -> The Mud Flats -> tag The Dishonoured Queen
  - **Mark** warp to **Nick** at The Coast WP and put TP at Tidal Island quest chest.
  - All kill The Dishonoured Queen and get quest item.
- All run and open door.
- All get Bestel's Epic.
- **Nick** The Karui Fortress -> tag Tukohama
  - All kill Tukohama
- **Nick** The Ridge > The Lower Prison > Trial TP > Shavronne's Tower > TP
- **Mark**, **Jac** and **David** Twilight Strand
- **Mark**, **Jac** and **David** get Trial
- All kill Shavronne
- **Mark** Prisoner's Gate > Western Forest > Riverways WP > Wetlands > Get Ryslatha to spawn, TP
  - **Nick** Prisoner's Gate > Abberath third room, TP
- All kill Ryslatha
- All kill Abberath
- **Mark** Riverways WP -> The Southern Forest -> The Cavern of Anger TP at flag -> The Beacon WP
  - All get Flag
- **Mark** The Beacon -> Double Gauntlet TP
  - **Nick** Double Gauntlet
  - All burn flag
- **Mark** Brine King TP
  - All kill Brine King

## Act 7

Area Level: 50 - 55  
Character level: 45 - 61  
Passives from Quests: 3 (16)

- **Mark** The Broken Bridge > Silver Locket > TP
  - Everyone get Silver Locket when convenient
  - Get Diamond, Granite or Basalt here. You are offered Quartz again at the start of Act 10
- **Nick** The Broken Bridge > The Crossroads WP
- **Mark** warp to **Nick** and go to The Chamber of Sins 1 WP > Farm
- **Nick** The Fellshrine Ruins > The Crypt > Map
- All warp to **Nick** and get extra maps
- **Mark** go to The Chamber of Sins 1 WP and open a map
- **Nick** warp to **Mark**, start a new instance and open another map
- **David** and **Jac** find trial in The Crypt
- **Mark** and **Nick** Maligaro's Sanctum
  - Kill 2 adds and ask to warp
- **David** and **Jac** warp to someone, kill and get Black Venom
- **Mark** and **Nick** get key from Silk > The Chamber of Sins 2
  - Someone find Trial, other put TP at Secret Passage (The Den entrance)
  - Everyone get both Trials and open Secret Passage
  - **Mark** and **Nick** get The Den WP
- **Mark** or **Nick** find Ashen Fields > tag Greust > TP
- All kill Greust
- **Mark** Northern Forest > The Dread Thicket
  - Tag Gruthkul, TP and farm
- **Nick** Northern Forest > Causeway
  - All kill Gruthkul > The Dread Thicket
  - All get 7 Fireflies
- **Nick** Causeway > Vaal City
  - All turn in 7 Fireflies
- **Nick** The Temple of Decay Level 2 > tag Arakaali > TP
  - All kill Arakaali

## Act 8

Area Level: 55 - 60  
Character level: 49 - 67  
Passives from Quests: 3 (19)

- **Mark** The Sarn Ramparts > The Toxic Conduits > Doedre's Cesspool > tag Doedre
  - All kill Doedre
- Get crafting recipe
- **Mark** Solaris side (up right)
  - Quay > Ressurection Site > Wait until Tolman becomes attackable
    - All do skill point
  - The Grain Gate > find Gemling Legionnaire > TP
    - The correct buildings to enter have dead guard bodies near their entrances
    - They have a book near them on the mini map
    - All kill Gemling Legionnaires
  - The Imperial Fields > The Solaris Temple level 1 WP > The Solaris Temple Level 2 > tag boss
  - All kill boss and get item
  - Solaris Concourse WP > Farm
- **Nick** Lunaris side (down left)
  - The Grand Promenade > The Bath House WP > Trial TP
    - **David** and **Jac** get Trial and replace TP
  - High Gardens TP
    - All do skill point
  - The Bath House WP > Hector Titucius TP
    - **Nick** get Conqueror's Potency (blue), everyone else get Conqueror's Efficiency (red). Put all jewels in guild stash
  - Lunaris Concourse > Lunaris 1 > Lunaris 2 TP > tag boss
    - All kill boss and get item
- Someone do Harbour Bridge and tag bosses
  - All kill bosses

## Act 9

Area Level: 61 - 64  
Character level: 55 - 71  
Passives from Quests: 2 (21)

- Switch to BA filter
- Fix resists, gems, weapon swap gem leveling, etc.
- Farm The Blood Aqueduct until lvl 57+
- **Mark** or **Nick** (first to 57) Descent > Vastiri Desert > TP at Foothills WP > Tunnel > Quarry WP > Refinery (up) > Tag boss
  - All kill boss and get Trarthan Powder
- **Mark** or **Nick** Foothills WP > Boiling Lake > tag The Basilisk
  - All kill the Basilisk and get Basilisk Acid
- **Mark** new Quarry instance
  - All warp to **Mark** and burn the beast
- Higher level run to the Rotting Core. Other runner Quarry skill points (down)
  - Enter all 3 portals and spawn the Depraved Trinity. Tag and TP
  - All kill Depraved Trinity

## Act 10

Area Level: 64 - 67  
Character level: 58 - 74  
Passives from Quests: 3 (24)

- Runner go to roof top, TP and start Bannon event
  - All save Bannon and talk to him
- Runner go to Ravaged Square WP > Torched Courts > Desecrated Chamber > Tag Boss and TP
- Second runner warp to Ravaged Square WP > Ossuary > Trial TP
  - **David** and **Jac** get Trial and replace TP
  - Second runner run to Elixir of Allure and TP
  - **David** and **Jac** get Elixir
- Second runner get Control Blocks WP
- All kill Avarius and get Staff
- Go to Ravaged Square WP and turn in staff
  - **David** and **Jac** warp to someone in Ravaged Square and turn in staff
- Main runner get to Kitava and TP
- All kill Kitava
